📝(doc) complete contributing policy (#895)
suitenumerique/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

`<gitmoji>(type) title description`

*   <**gitmoji**>: Use a gitmoji to represent the purpose of the commit. For example, ✨ for adding a new feature or 🔥 for removing something, see the list [here](https://gitmoji.dev/).
*   **(type)**: Describe the type of change. Common types include `backend`, `frontend`, `CI`, `docker` etc...

> *   **title**: A short, descriptive title for the change
>     
>     **⚠️ Make sure you add no space between the emoji and the (type) but add a space after the closing parenthesis of the type and use no caps!**
> *   **description**: Include additional details on why you made the changes. 
>     
>     **⚠️ Commit description message are mandatory and shouldn't be too long**

Reviewer: This change makes the format of the commit less obvious. Use a note referral instead?
```suggestion
*   **title**: A short, descriptive title for the change (*)
*   **blank line after the commit title
*   **description**: Include additional details on why you made the changes (**).
    
    (*) ⚠️ **Make sure you add no space between the emoji and the (type) but add a space after the closing parenthesis of the type and use no caps!**
    (**) ⚠️ **Commit description message is mandatory and shouldn't be too long**
```

If you need any help while contributing, feel free to open a discussion or ask for guidance in the issue tracker. We are more than happy to assist!

Thank you for your contributions! 👍

## Contribute to BlockNote
We use [BlockNote](https://www.blocknotejs.org/) for the text editing features of Docs. 

> If you find and issue with the editor you can [report it](https://github.com/TypeCellOS/BlockNote/issues) directly on their repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find and issue with the editor you can [report it](https://github.com/TypeCellOS/BlockNote/issues) directly on their repository.
```
